sdk/metric: Fix observable not registered error when the asynchronous instrument has a drop aggregation (#4772)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

- Fix `Parse` in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/baggage` to validate member value before percent-decoding. (#4755)

> - Fix `observable` not registered error during drop aggregation in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/metric`. (#4760)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix observable not registered error when the asynchronous instrument has a drop aggregation in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/metric`. (#4772)
```
